Column Name				Column Definition
ID_NUM					The sampling event unique reference number; used to cross-reference with set log data.
SPECIES					The species common name of the fish that was sampled. In the case of salmon species, it will usually also include the life stage of the fish (SMOLT, JUVENILE, ADULT).
SCIENTIFIC_NAME			The species scientific name of the fish that was sampled.
SPECIES_URN_LSID		The species universal resource name (based on the Life Sciences Identifier provided by the World Registry of Marine Species) of the fish that was sampled based.
LIFE_STAGE_URN_LABEL	The universal resource name and label for the development stage of the fish that was sampled. Based on the controlled vocabulary maintained by the British Oceanographic Data Centre (http://vocab.nerc.ac.uk/collection/S11/current/).
FISH_NUM				The unique identifier of the fish that was sampled for the same species within the sampling event using a single letter code.
DATE_TIME_ISO8601		The local date and time, in ISO 8601 format, when the sampling event began and optionally when the sampling event ended (i.e. when value is expressed as a ISO 8601 time interval). (Copy of set log data for convenience.)
LOCATION				The name of the geographic place or transect label where the sampling occurred. (Copy of set log data for convenience.)
AREA					A calculated category field used to aggregate the sampling events by four groups of LOCATIONS. (Copy of set log data for convenience.)
TIME_PER				A calculated category field used to aggregate the sampling events by two-week date periods. (Copy of set log data for convenience.)
LATITUDE				The latitude, in decimal degrees ISO 6709 format, of the place where the sampling occurred (likely NAD 83 datum or NAD 27 datum). (Copy of set log data for convenience.)
LONGITUDE				The longitude, in decimal degrees ISO 6709 format, of the place where the sampling occurred (likely NAD 83 datum or NAD 27 datum). (Copy of set log data for convenience.)
LENGTH					The length in millimeters of the fish that was sampled and measured at the time of laboratory dissection. For salmon species it is a fork length.
TAG						Indicates whether a coded-wire tag was obtained from the fish that was sampled.
OTOLITHS				The count of otoliths that were removed from the fish that was sampled. Applies only to years 1987 to 1989.
OTOLITH					The cross-reference to the physical sample storage location of the otoliths that were removed from the fish that was sampled. Examples are otolith tray label with cell address, otolith mounting details for microscope slide. Applies only to years 1990 to 1994.
TRAY_CELL				The cross-reference to the otolith tray number and cell address of the otoliths that were removed from the fish that was sampled. Applies only to year 1989.
SCALE					The concatenated scale book number and scale number for the scales that were removed from the fish that was sampled.
PRESERV					The form of tissue preservation had been applied to the fish that was sampled, sometime prior to sampling. (Impacts the calibration of length and weight measurements.) "N"= none (i.e. the fish was measured shortly after capture). "F"=formaldehyde solution, likely 10%. "Z"=frozen. "U"=unknown; method of preservation was not recorded.
TAG_CODE				The coded-wire tag code that was read from the coded-wire tag that was removed from the fish that was sampled.
SPECIES_AC				The abbreviated fish species (using Mark Recovery Program encoding) that was assigned to the tag code that was read from the coded-wire tag that was removed from the fish that was sampled.
SPECIES_AB				The abbreviated fish species derived from the SPECIES column of the fish that was sampled. Was likely done in order to more closely match with SPECIES_AC for data filtering purposes.
BROOD_YEAR				The two-digit brood year that was assigned to the tag code that was read from the coded-wire tag that was removed from the fish that was sampled.
HATCHERY				The fish hatchery (using Mark Recovery Program encoding) that was assigned to the tag code that was read from the coded-wire tag that was removed from the fish that was sampled, indicating the location where the fish was incubated.
REL_SITE				The fish release site (using Mark Recovery Program encoding) that was assigned to the tag code that was read from the coded-wire tag that was removed from the fish that was sampled, indicating the location where the fish was released into the wild.
PROV_STATE				The Canadian province or US state where the fish release site is located.
FIRST_REL				The earliest date on which fish of the same tag code were released into the wild.
LAST_REL				The latest date on which fish of the same tag code were released into the wild.
REMARKS					The explanatory comments associated with the examination as recorded on the laboratory sheet. The first record for a year also includes a note on when the database was last updated.
